
---1

"is it a b c or d?"
You choose something other than ABCD.

Chris looks at you much in the same way a child looks at an anthill.
You nervously await the response.
"That's ok, it can get quite nervy here in the studio with so much, so, so much at stake."
He grins and looks towards the cameras.
From behind you someone in the audience groan "Steeeeaaaaakk!"
Chris asks some clipboard wielding producers "Are we OK to go again or is this one...?" He drags his index finger across his throat. The producer waves their hand around to indicate Chris to ask again.
"OK!So ---- asks again.


---2
BAM!
Chris has thumped his terminal.
"For pitys sake. Look what you've made me do. Haha, Sorry everyone, lights are very hot in here today."
You peer over and see that Chris has hit the facade of his screen, exposing every so slightly, what he had on his screen. 
It doesn't look like questions, like the questions on your screen.
"Look at me." 
Chris' voice commands your gaze.
"You have four buttons on your side there. A, B, C and fucking D."
"Do you know how many times I've done this show?
You shake your head.
"Too many."
"Do you know how many times someone has CORRECTLY chosen an answer that wasn't one of the multiple choice questions?"
You answer the man honestly. "Is it zero."
Chris looks at you with pure bile.
"Is that your final answer? Becuase it better be, or I will make it the final question you ever answer."
Something in voice tells you this pompous clown may actually mean it. He definitely means it. 
"I'll ask again....."

---3

Chris starts laughing.
It is pretty funny. Your answer. 
He's laughing more now.
You start to chuckle as well.
It's caught on the audience are giggling.
Within seconds the entire is bubbling along with the laughter, its infectious as hell.
Chris has fallen off his stool, he's on his knees!
"AAAAHHHAHAHA I CAN'T" Chris bellows.
He crawls, over to you, and as he rises, he wipes the very tears from his eyes and puts his hand on your shoulder, he shouts:
"--name, ladies and gentlemen! Aren't you all excited to eat him afterwards?"
Chris moves round and sits at his stool.
Huh, bit of a gaff there Chris, you think. They'll probably catch it in the edit. 
"Meets!", Tarrant injects. "I of course mean meats. Meets and meats."
Worryingly, the idea of meeting you, or at least the mention of it has put some of the crowd in an absolute furor - will you be a star you think?
"So just to double check, your final answer is ----"
 