player chooses quit

"Chris pulls that surprised face he loves so much, folds his arms and leans back on his stool."
""Yeah. Yeah that is fine. You can quit anytime you want. No one", his eyes dart to the producers left and right of him..."
"No-one is keeping you here... or anything"


--quit?
--Y
""I, I think i'm going to go..." you say as you rise from your plinth & stool combo."
""AS I SAID" interjects Chris Tarrant through gritted teeth- "It/'s not like we're keeping you here with A. Gun. To. Your. Head. Or something""
"The fuck is going on?"
"Chris/' eyes are boring a hole in the back of your skull. His folded arm & smug leanback doing nothing to mask his quite blatent fear."
"You back away slowly from the console, glancing at the odd consoling smiles of the producers as they wander towards you."
"You turn. Facing towards the tunnel you came in now, you see more clipboard wielders advancing, their headsets glinting in the spotlights."
"You look back at Chris. He has closed his eyes, his head now resting on his fist much like The Thinker, but which much, much less beauty - or thought."
""Are you SURE you want to quit?" you hear from behind you - almost pleading now from ITV/'s once major host.""

--quit?
--Y

""YES!" you exclaim, and all at once the smiling masks of the TV peoples faces drop into unveiled disgust." 
"For some reason you feel like a cow in an abbatoir."
"You walk towards the tunnel, as the shepards of reality TV guide you with outstretched clipboard arms."
""um, thanks. Thanks everyone." You say. Like a berk."
"Close to the audience now, they smell awful - how didn/'t you notice that on the way in you think."
"You realise you haven/'t thanked your host!"
""Oh, Chris!" And as you turn back to give thanks to fallen prophet of Saturday Night Television, the falling razor sharp edges of clipboards slice down into your face and throat, butchering you where you stand.
"You are dead."
""Are you dead?" asks Chris, who obviously watched the whole thing. "Find out next week on Who WantZ to be a Millionaire!"" 
