"You said --letter--- that is the... WRONG answer!!""
"His face lights up."
""No it isn/'t!" you say."
"Chris freezes."
""That/'s the right bloody answer." You say. Someone coughs."
"Chris is unmoved."
""Isn/'t it!?" you holler into the studio. Silence, and then a single cough."
"You lean smugly back on your in your stool and peer at Tarrant over your nose, full to the brim with blind utter confidence."
""How did you know..." chris seethes out."
"Your smug smile wanes a little."
""Well. You just know don/'t you! It/'s obvious." Uh-oh. He's onto you."
"Chris begins to regain some of his former guile, and glances to his left. A lowly show runner has come forward, head bowed holding out in front of them a... staff!"
"Chris takes the staff and begins to rise."
""It would be better for you. For you BOTH. If you come clean now." Chris is now grinning like a maniac. Both? Shit."
""EGO SUM NUMMORUM REX ET EGO PRAECIPIO TIBI!" Tarrant screams."
"You feel compelled by his words. As your arm beings to rise and finger extend, you see his staff begin to glow, green and sparks fly from its tip."
""I-I-I..." you stammer, unable to speak nor stop your arm, hand and index finger from indicating the extact position of your acomplice!"
"Your expert plan. Entirely of your own design, has fallen completely fucking flat."
""QUOD VOBIS MENDAX!" Bellows chris, as upon the floor holes appear, portals more like, and fiery grimaced skeletons climb through."
""Wh-wh-whaaat!" you stutter..!"
""I said, die you cheater!" hisses Chris Tarrant, his eyes aglow with sadistic delight."
"The skeletons have split into two groups, one moving towards Barry - your acomplice, and by day, your plumber..."
"... the other advancing hurriedly towards you."
"You cannot move."
"Paralysed, you can do nothing but stare as each of the skeletons claws chunks from your fresh and tosses it into the audience."
""I AM THE ITV MESSIAH AND NO-ONE CAN STOP MEEEE!" yells Chris.
"Mercifully, one of the skeletons hits an main artery in your leg, and soon everything fades to black."
"The last thing you see is the Chris Tarrant, wreathed in green flame floating over your butchered corpse, caressing the smooth bone of his skeleton children."
"Oh well."
