who wantZ to be a millionArrgh.


---- set up


A dark tunnel. cold. dark, very dark.
Someone touches your hand, you recoil, fear and sweat running out of you in equal measure.
"Hey!"
"Hey you. What's your name?"
----name

"Hi --- 
"Sorry - its a little crazy here these days"
"Are you ready?
Y
"Great follow me..
the stranger take your hand and leads you through the dark, turning left, then right, you hear the oncoming throng of.... something. 
Then suddenly, the stranger turns you right and...
Dazzling lights, blind you. From all directions cheers and yell - You glance around you trying to take it all in, but before you can make sense of it all...
"PLEASE WELCOME -- name!"
A man in his 50's, white hair, smug grin is sat at a stool that simultaneously looks too tall and too small for him.
Music swells around you - lasers, greeen and red swing around the room causing hush amongst what you now see is .. an audience!
You look back to the man in the chair. You're nerves subside. It's millionaire. You fucking got this.
The man in the chair becons you forward. Go?
Y
You move closer to the empty chair opposite to Man and see now, the man is none other than ITV's Chris Tarrant
"H-Hi Chris." You manage to stammer out.
"Hello! Let's give name a warm welcome everyone!"
You glance around the audience. they are stony quiet. The occasional Groan escapes one of them. A few are wearing MAGA hats. 
Did I do something wrong?
"A Warm welcome I said"!
At Chris's commmand, they begin to holler and shout.
out of the corner of your eye you notice one of the runners throw something into the crowd.
you look to where it landed and see the audience clamber for it. Is that...
"SO!"
your eyes wheel back to Chris
"--name, I undertsand you're a, wow, you're a python developer, is that right?!"
is that right? Y /N

choice N

"Oh, sorry! Why don't we just crack on with the questions, and you can fill me in as we go. Lots iof contestants to get through today."
get through?
"Err sure, no worries Chruis. Thank you."

choice Y

"Wow. So what's that like, 8 hours a day in the reptile enclosure>" 
Chris' shit eating grin shines bright, even under the hot lights of the studio.
Groans and moans from the audience.
"HA. haha, no it's um - rather, I'm actually um, a software, well, dev-"
"I KNOW." Tarrant buts in abruptly. Then through a gritted smile he says... 
"play nicely now mate, let's not let things get out of hand..." he leans in "for either of our sake."

Millionaire music and lasers swirl through the air, giving the previous moment no time to gain any footing your mind.

"Question 1 !




----Wrong Answer 1

Chris sucks air in through his unnaturally pearly teeth.
The audience are baying for blood.
You look deep into Tarrants eyes and see... joy?
"You said --letter--- that is the... WRONG answer"!
His face lights up.
From behind you, you hear the sharp creak of metal unhinging, and a viscious crackling as the bars holding the now frenzied mob come down.
Your locked gaze starts to rise, following Chris's eyes up as his stool begins to rise, raising him up and up into the studio rafters where he immediately met by more show runners who shroud him in robes and drinks
"BLLEEEUAGHHH!"
You look back down, house lights up, and to your horror, as they begin to approach you, you see the audience are in fact...
THE UNDEAD.
"Oh fuck."
You glance around - all exits full of the snarling and braying undead. 
"Oh fuuuuuckkkk!"
Limbless corpses surround you. There is no escape. 
"Chris! Chris, help, what the fuck!"
You look up and see Chris has a vantage point over the entire proceedings. He has a cigar on the go. 
Wanker.
As they hoard begin to supplant every inch of space around you, you aim the entirety of your lifes anger skyward and scream.
"Chris Tarrant You WANKERRRRRRR!"
You died.
Start again?